<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_clk_c4d_bv">
 <title>Creating Forms with Dynamic Variables</title>
 <abstract><b>System Admins can create more robust and reusable forms for events and other business
   needs by allowing the system to dynamically assign values to form fields.</b><p>Use Case: An
   organization wants to distribute a post-event survey form to event attendees. The staff user
   would like to create one reusable form that will be distributed after each event.
   </p><p>Solution: Staff users can create one form to send to all attendees regardless of the event
   using dynamic variables; form responses will populate the related records upon submission.
  </p></abstract>
 <conbody>
  <p>Form URL</p>
  <p>The URL for the form (replace domain and [formID]):
   https://DOMAIN.force.com/cpbase__form?ID=[formID]. Fields can be visible or hidden. For example,
   a status or a lookup (ID) Always available (don't need to have in URL of Form) {{user.accountid}}
   > Dynamically pulls in a lookup to the Account {{user.contactid}} {{user.id}} URL-based
   {{url.param}} > In the url add: ?param=1234 For example, use {{url.eventid}} then put
   ?eventid=[eventid] in the URL link. This will populate the EventID in the field indicated (would
   want to map to an event lookup field). This is great if you are trying to populate Attendees via
   a form.</p>
  <p/>
 </conbody>
</concept>
