<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_drf_rdv_1v">
    <title>Multi-Currency</title>
    <abstract>System Admins must enable and configure Multi-Currency for customers with
        international operations. </abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Contact Salesforce to enable Multi Currency on the org and navigate to
                        <b>Company Profile</b> > <b>Company Information</b> > Click the <b>Allow
                        Support to Activate Multiple Currencies</b> > Click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
                <info>Set the <b>Default Currency</b> by entering the <b>Corporate Currency</b> on
                    the Company Information record.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once Multi Currency is enabled, navigate to the <b>Marketplace</b> and install
                    the <b>Multi-Currency</b> package.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the <b>Access Manager</b> and run FLS for profiles and all
                    installed packages.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to <b>Setup</b> > <b>Administer</b> > <b>Company Profile</b> >
                        <b>Manage Currencies</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create the supported currencies:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_y32_m2v_1v">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <b>New</b></cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the <b>Currency Type</b> from the picklist</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the <b>Conversion Rate</b>. In order to convert from one currency
                            to another, the System Admin must enter the accurate <b>Conversion
                                Rate</b>. Currently, the <b>Conversion Rate </b>must be manually
                            maintained.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the number of <b>Decimal Places</b> allowed when displaying data
                            in the new currency.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <b>Save</b> or <b>Save &amp; New</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><xref href="../accounting/business_groups/bg_setup_task.dita#task_scm_ytg_kr"
                        >Create a new Business Group</xref> for each new currency.</cmd>
                <info>The <b>Currency</b> field appears on every <i>Object</i> record related to the
                    Business Group. During set up, verify that the <b>Currency</b> on each related
                        <i>Object</i> record matches the <b>Currency</b> set on the Business Group.
                        <b>Click Edit on the record to view the Currency field.</b></info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>Multi-Currency is set up for the org, along with the related Business Group(s) and
            associated objects. <note><b>If the currency on an existing Business Group is changed,
                    that change is only reflected on new records, not on existing records.
                </b></note></result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
