<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_jvq_jvt_qv">
    <title>Enabling Calendar Subscriptions</title>
    <abstract>First-year Calendar Subscriptions begin the day the Direct Debit Agreement is
        submitted and extends to the end of the Calendar End Month and Day. When the subscription
        renews, the subscription End Date and the Direct Debit Agreement end date are extended
        through the next year.</abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the <b>eStore</b> app and click the <b>Subscription Plans</b> tab.
                    Click <b>New</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <b>Calendar</b> in the <b>Type</b> picklist.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check the <b>Is Active</b> checkbox.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check the <b>Is Direct Debit Enabled</b> checkbox.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Set <b>Invoice Days Variable</b> (days). The system automatically creates a
                    Sales Order that mirrors the current active subscription "X" number of days
                    prior to subscription expiration.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <b>Calendar End Month</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <b>Calendar End Day</b>. Note: Non-Direct Debit Enabled Subscription
                    Plans require a Payment Gateway assignment when Auto-Renew enabled.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If the subscription is to auto-renew, or extend the direct debit agreement at
                    the end of the term: Select “Required” from the <b>Auto Renewed</b> picklist.
                    The system will update the amount of each payment and extend the term of the
                    agreement to match the renewal period. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check <b>Require Payment Method</b> Note: Non-Direct Debit Enabled Subscription
                    Plans require a Payment Gateway assignment when Auto-Renew enabled.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check <b>Enable Schedule</b></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter <b>Number of Installments</b> (e.g. 1, 4, 12) </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Leave <b>Bill Cycle:</b> AUTO and <b>Bill Cycle Day:</b> (blank)</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select “Automatic Payment” from <b>Schedule Type</b> picklist</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the desired frequency from Schedule Frequency picklist (e.g. Annually,
                    Quarterly, Monthly)Note: The direct debit payment processor only supports:
                    Annually, Quarterly, and Monthly. Monthly and Quarterly payment frequency should
                    not be attributed to first-year, calendar subscriptions after the first calendar
                    month.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
