<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_hmp_fth_mr">
    <title>Purchasing Items from Separate Business Groups</title>
    <abstract>Use the <b>Transfers Payable Account</b> and <b>Transfers Receivable Account</b>
        fields on the Business Group record to ensure funds are directed to the appropriate business
        groups and the resulting transactions. The payments are allocated when a customer purchases
        items from different business groups via a single sales order.</abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq><b>Prerequisites:</b>
            <ul>
                <li>Configure two business groups: business group 1 with <b>Transfers Payable
                        Account</b>, business group 2 with <b>Transfers Receivable Account</b></li>
                <li>Each business group must have an item</li>
            </ul></prereq>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the <b>Sales Orders</b> tab in the <b>eBusiness</b> app and click
                    the <b>New</b> button. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the <b>Contact</b>, <b>Posting Entity</b>, and <b>Schedule Type</b>.
                    Click <b>Save</b>. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <b>Shopping Cart</b> button. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the membership item from Business Group 1 and add it to the cart. Select
                    the donation item from Business Group 2 and add it to the cart. Complete the
                    payment. </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>Successfully creating a sales order results in... <ul>
                <li>a Sales Order Line for each purchased item.</li>
                <li>the Receipt record generated from the Receipt Lines.</li>
                <li>two Transaction Summaries.</li>
                <li>two sets of Transaction Lines.</li>
            </ul></result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
