<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_mbt_xn5_tr">
 <title>Member Profiles: Edit and View</title>
 <abstract>Objects on specific pages in the <b>Community Portal</b> present a modal when clicked.
  Staff users can assign the field set that is displayed in the <b>Profile View</b> and <b>Profile
   Edit</b> view on the <i>Community Group Detail</i> page.</abstract>
 <conbody>
  <p>The <b>Members</b> tab presents group members in a tile view listing. When portal users click
   on a tile, the <b>Member Profile</b> will appear displaying the information for the current field
   set assigned by the Administrator. </p>
  <p>The <b>My Profile</b> button is displayed for group members in the <b>Community Portal</b>.
   Click the <b>My Profile</b> button on the banner to view the profile as it looks to other
    <b>Community Portal</b> users. Click the <b>Edit Member</b> button to update personal group
   member profile.</p>
  <p>A field set is a grouping of fields. To define the profile views, staff users can assign a
   field set via: <ul id="ul_hm4_1mg_tr">
    <li><b>Group Member Edit Field Sets</b>-References the field set that defines the attributes to
     be updated by the group member when editing their group member profile.</li>
    <li><b>Group Member View Field Sets</b>-References the field set that defines the attributes to
     be seen on the group member profile.</li>
   </ul>
  </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
 
