<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_dyx_111_rr">
    <title>Enabling the Waitlist for Ticket Types and Schedule Items</title>
    <abstract>The waitlist for ticket types and schedule items allows users to view an event and
        sign up for the waitlist if the desired event or sessions are full. The user will not be
        required to complete the event registration process until contact is made regarding
        availability. <note>Staff users can override waitlists by selecting the <b>Enable
                Waitlisting</b> checkbox on the Event record.</note></abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq><b>Prerequisites:</b> 
        <ul>
        <li>Create an event.</li>
        <li>Create a ticket type.</li>
        <li>Create a schedule item.</li>
        </ul></prereq>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the Event record and select the <b>Enable Waitlisting</b>
                checkbox.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter a value for the <b>Capacity</b> field. Click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
                <info>The <b>Capacity</b> field is conditionally required if the <b>Enable
                        Waitlisting</b> checkbox is selected, however, it is best practice to
                    populate the field regardless because, unless waitlists are enabled, the event
                    is automatically closed upon reaching capacity.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the ticket type from the <i>Ticket Type</i> related list and select the
                        <b>Enable Waitlist</b> checkbox. Click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
                <info>Alternatively, select the schedule item from the <i>Schedule</i> related list
                    and select the <b>Enable Waitlist</b> checkbox.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>The waitlist is enabled for the ticket type and schedule item. <p>Staff users can
                manually register a waitlisted user.</p></result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
