<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_k5w_hkj_ps">
 <title>Assignment Roles </title>
 <abstract>Staff users can segment attendees via Assignment Roles in order to identify and analyze
  levels of customer engagement. </abstract>
 <conbody>
  <p>The system automatically creates a <b>Default Attendee Assignment Role</b>, along with Item
   Classes (Ticket Type Item Class, Schedule Item Item Class, Sponsor Item Class), when creating a
   new event. If <b>Registration Groups</b> is enabled on the Event record, the system autocreates a
    <b>Primary Attendee Assignment Role</b> under the Ticket Type Item Class, in addition to the
    <b>Default Attendee</b>. The <b>Primary Attendee</b> is the primary registrant and the Group
   Owner, which may or may not be the primary contact for the account. <note>Only authenticated
    portal users can register a group, so therefore only authenticated portal users can be assigned
    to the <b>Primary Attendee</b> role. Guest users are not able to initiate group
    registration.</note></p>
  <p>Assignment Roles identify the Group Owner in the list of assignments. The assignment is
   integral to building the Attendee records, which relate any session purchases to the contact. In
   turn, each assignment is linked to the ticket type purchase, and each ticket type must be
   associated with the beneficiary's contact information, not an actual contact record. <note>Best
    practices recommend that staff users avoid creating new Assignment Roles for events because the
    system is configured to identify only the Primary and Default Attendees. </note></p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
