<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ihw_t3h_ks">
  <title>Configuring the Guest Checkout</title>
  <body>
    <p>System Admins must enable and configure the Guest Checkout on the related Store: <ol
        id="ol_nt3_jv3_ks">
        <li>Click the <b>Store</b> tab in the <b>eStore</b> app and then click the name of the store
          requiring Guest Checkout configuration.</li>
        <li>Click the <b>Edit</b> button.</li>
        <li>Click the <b>Enable Guest Checkout</b> checkbox in order to allow unauthenticated users
          to purchase items.</li>
        <li>Enter the API Name of the field set created on the Contact in the <b>New Contact Field
            Set(s) CSV</b> text field; field sets must be separated by a comma without any
          additional spacing. The <b>First Name</b>, <b>Last Name</b>, and <b>Email</b> fields are
          displayed by default. The field set will display on the <i>Checkout</i> page.</li>
        <li>Enter the name of the Parent Account to use for any Contact records created by guests or
          new customers in the <b>Guest Checkout Account</b> field. <b>New Contact records are
            created as the children of the Guest Checkout Account</b>.<p>
            <ol id="ol_ot3_jv3_ks">
              <li>Click the <b>Guest Checkout Account</b> lookup icon to search for Parent Account
                records.</li>
            </ol>
          </p><b>New User Profile ID</b></li>
        <li>To change the <b>Contact Match Rule</b>, click the <b>Contact Match Rule</b> drop-down
          box to select a value to use when matching unauthenticated users to existing Contact
          records. <b>The Contact Match Rule is set to EMAIL by default.</b></li>
        <li>Optionally, in the <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> type the name of any field,
          including custom, to match unauthenticated customers to existing contact records.</li>
        <li>Click the <b>Require Contact Match Custom Field</b> checkbox to publish the <b>Contact
            Match Custom Field</b> on the page and allowing the customer to provide the required
          information. Click <b>Save</b>.<p><b>Using the Contact Match Rule and Contact Match Custom
              Field</b>
          </p><p>To determine whether to create a new user profile at Checkout, the system will use
            the <b>Contact Match Rule</b> and the <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> to match
            authenticated and unauthenticated users to existing users in the Community. </p><p>The
            search and comparison process varies according to the <b>Contact Match Rule</b>. When
            used in conjunction with the <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b>, staff users can use a
            search tailored to the system settings. By default, the <b>Contact Match Custom
              Field</b> has no value. Acceptable values for the <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b>
            are the name of any field, including custom, found on the user page in the Community. If
            there is a field in <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> that is also in the <b>New Contact
              Field Set(s)</b> it is displayed twice on the <i>Checkout</i> page. Additionally, in
            order to be considered matching, the value entered into the <b>Contact Match Custom
              Field</b> must match the value in the existing profile,<b> e.g., abbreviations in
              street addresses and formatting of phone numbers</b>. The system determines the
            following addresses as unique: South 8th Street, S. 8th St., and South 8 St. If <b>Phone
              Number</b> is used as a <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b>, the system determines the
            following phone numbers as distinct and unique (703)111-1111, 703-111-1111, 7031111111.
            </p><p>The system uses the given email address to match the email address of an existing
            user in the Community by default. The picklist values for the <b>Contact Match Rule</b>
            are as follows:</p><ul id="ul_zgw_mkh_ks">
            <li><b>EMAIL</b>- Default value; will only look to the given email without matching to
              any existing data. </li>
            <li><b>AND</b> - The system uses the <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> and the
                <b>Contact Match Rule</b>, which references the given email, to match to an existing
              user in the Community. </li>
            <li><b>OR</b> - The system uses either the <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> or the
                <b>Contact Match Rule</b>, which references the given email, to match to an existing
              user in the Community. </li>
            <li><b>CUSTOM</b> - The system uses the <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> to match to an
              existing user in the Community.</li>
            <li><b>NONE</b> - The system does not use any contact matching rules. Duplicate contacts
              will be made in the Guest Checkout Account in the Community.<note>A new Contact record
                is created if any of the given fields do not match to fields in an existing Contact
                record in the Community.</note></li>
          </ul></li>
      </ol></p>
    <p><b>Validation Rules for Contact Match fields</b></p>
    <ul id="ul_kqj_skh_ks">
      <li> A validation error is received if the <b> Require Contact Match Custom Field</b> is
        selected and the <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> is left blank.</li>
      <li>A validation error is received if the <b>Contact Match Rule</b> is <b>AND</b>,
          <b>CUSTOM</b>, <b>OR</b> and the <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> is left blank.</li>
    </ul>
    <!-- 
    <p><b><b>Contact Match Rule</b> - "<b>EMAIL"</b></b></p>
    <table id="table_vyk_wkh_ks">
      <tgroup cols="2">
        <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
        <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Field</entry>
            <entry>Contact Match Rule 'EMAIL'</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>No Contact Match Custom Field</entry>
            <entry>
              <p>Only the user's email is used for matching.</p>
              <p>To determine whether to create a new user profile in the Community, at checkout,
                the system will verify whether the new or unauthenticated email matches an existing
                user profile email. If matching, the system will not create a new user profile and
                the sales order will be associated with the existing user profile.</p>
              <p> </p>
            </entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    

     
    <p><b><b>Contact Match Rule</b> -"<b>AND"</b></b></p>
  <table id="table_dwz_ykh_ks">
    <tgroup cols="2">
      <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
      <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
      <thead>
        <row>
          <entry>Field</entry>
          <entry>Contact Match Rule 'AND'</entry>
        </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <row>
          <entry>Contact Match Custom Field</entry>
          <entry>
            <p><b>Contact Match Rule</b> and <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> used for
              matching.</p>
            <p>When the <b>Contact Match Rule </b>is set to <b>AND</b>, the checkout page will
                present the <b>Contact Match Custom Field </b>to new and unauthenticated users. The
                system will use both the <b>Contact Match Rule</b>, which references the given
                email, and the <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> to verify whether the new or
                unauthenticated user matches an existing user in the Community. If matching, the
                system will not create a new user profile and the sales order will be associated
                with the existing user profile.</p>
            <p> </p>
          </entry>
        </row>
      </tbody>
    </tgroup>
  </table>
    
  
    <p><b><b>Contact Match Rule</b> -"<b>OR"</b></b></p>
  <table id="table_mhf_klh_ks">
    <tgroup cols="2">
      <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
      <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
      <thead>
        <row>
          <entry>Field</entry>
          <entry>Contact Match Rule 'OR'</entry>
        </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <row>
          <entry>Contact Match Custom Field</entry>
          <entry>
            <p><b>Contact Match Rule</b> and <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> used for
              matching.</p>
            <p>When the <b>Contact Match Rule </b>is set to <b>OR</b>, the <i>Checkout Page</i> will
                present the <b>Contact Match Custom Field </b>to new and unauthenticated users. The
                system will use either the <b>Contact Match Rule</b>, which references the given
                email, or the <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> to verify whether the new or
                unauthenticated user matches an existing user in the Community. If either the
                  <b>Contact Match Rule</b> or the <b>Contact Match Custom Field </b>matches an
                existing user in the Community the sales order will be associated with the existing
                user profile.</p>
            <p> </p>
          </entry>
        </row>
      </tbody>
    </tgroup>
  </table>
    
    <p><b><b>Contact Match Rule</b> -"<b>CUSTOM"</b></b></p>
  <table id="table_v2j_qlh_ks">
    <tgroup cols="2">
      <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
      <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
      <thead>
        <row>
          <entry>Field</entry>
          <entry>Contact Match Rule 'CUSTOM'</entry>
        </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <row>
          <entry>Contact Match Custom Field</entry>
          <entry>
            <p>Only <b>Contact Match Custom Field</b> used for matching.</p>
            <p>When only the <b>Contact Match Rule </b>is used, the <i>Checkout</i>
              <i>Page</i> will present the <b>Contact Match Custom Field </b> to new and
              unauthenticated users. The system will only use the <b>Contact Match Custom
              Field</b>to verify whether the new or unauthenticated user matches an existing user in
              the Community Profile. If matching, the system will not create a new user profile and
              the sales order will be associated with the existing user profile.</p>
            <p> </p>
          </entry>
        </row>
      </tbody>
    </tgroup>
  </table>
  -->
 <p><b>Creating New, Guest, or Duplicate Profiles</b><ol id="ol_mfl_wlh_ks">
        <li>The system creates a guest user profile in the Community when:<ol id="ol_nfl_wlh_ks">
            <li>The guest information provided does not match any existing users in the
              Community.</li>
            <li>The guest information provided matches multiple contacts; however, none of the users
              were configured for the <b>eStore</b>. In this instance, the system records the
              duplicate IDs in a custom field on the Guest Checkout Account Contact record. </li>
          </ol></li>
        <li>If the <b>Enable Guest Checkout</b> field is checked, the system links the record to the
            <b>Sales Order</b> and will not create a Guest Checkout Account Contact record at the
            <b>eStore</b> when:<ol id="ol_ofl_wlh_ks">
            <li>The guest information matches a user profile in the Community. The sales order links
              to the pre-existing user profile in the Community.</li>
            <li>The guest information matches multiple user profiles, one of which is associated
              with the Guest Checkout Account.</li>
          </ol></li>
      </ol></p>
    <p><b>Additional Options</b></p>
    <p>Select access permissions and invoice payment options.The features to customize the payment
      confirmation message can be configured in the HTML text box.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
