<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ShippingRates">
    <title>Creating a Shipping Rate</title>
    <abstract>Shipping Rates display in the checkout screen when a customer selects an item that
        requires shipping. The Shipping Rate is calculated based upon:  <ul id="ul_fk5_j5v_ht">
            <li>Shipping Carrier</li>
            <li>Delivery Method</li>
            <li>Shipping Region</li>
            <li>Minimum and Maximum Item Weights or Item Value<p><b>Users can set up multiple
                        Shipping Rates or define a single Flat Rate per item or a Flat Rate per
                        order.</b></p></li>
        </ul></abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
            <ul id="ul_ky2_c5v_ht">
                <li><xref href="creating_shipping_method_carrier.dita#task_xz1_dqv_ht">Create the
                        Shipping Carrier and Delivery Method</xref></li>
                <li><xref href="creating_shipping_region.dita#task_dmf_nrv_ht">Create the Shipping
                        Region</xref></li>
            </ul>
        </prereq>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the <b>Items</b> tab in the <b>eStore</b> app and click
                    <b>New</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the <b>Name</b> for the Shipping Rate and enter a <b>Display
                    Name</b>.</cmd>
                <info>The <b>Display Name</b> appears on the <b>eStore</b> checkout screen and on
                    the customer's receipt. </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Identify the <b>Shipping Carrier</b> using the <b>Item Class</b> lookup.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the cost of shipping applied to the item in the <b>Item Price</b>
                    field.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the <b>Business Group</b> and check the <b>Is Active</b> and <b>Is
                        Shipping Rate</b> checkboxes.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the <b>Shipping Method</b> associated with the new Shipping Rate using
                    the lookup.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the <b>Shipping Region</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the shipping item's <b>Minimum Weight</b> and <b>Maximum
                    Weight</b>.</cmd>
                <info>Alternatively, if the <b>Shipping Rate Basis</b> set on the Business Group
                    record is <b>Item Value</b>, then enter the <b>Minimum Value</b> and <b>Maximum
                        Value</b>.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the <b>Item Weight UOM</b> (Unit of Measurement) using the
                    picklist.</cmd>
                <info>The <b>Item Weight UOM</b> value is used when creating an eStore item that
                    requires shipping and when creating a Shipping Rate item. Admins do not have to
                    use the same units for items and Shipping Rates. For example, the Shipping Rate
                    might be defined in pounds and the <b>Item Weight</b> in ounces. The system
                    performs the conversion on the backend and will apply the correct rate in the
                        <b>eStore</b> checkout, regardless of the unit. </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The new Shipping Rate inherits the GL Accounts of the associated Shipping
                    Carrier. To override and link to an alternative account, select the GL account
                    using the <b>Income Account</b> and <b>Refund/Credit Account</b> lookups.  Click
                        <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq>
            <ul id="ul_jjg_qwv_ht">
                <li><xref href="default_shipping_rate_overview.dita#concept_wyr_jyv_ht">Create a
                        Default Shipping Rate</xref></li>
                <li><xref href="creating_flat_shipping_rate.dita#task_tgj_xdc_3t">Create a Flat Rate
                        for Shipping Items</xref></li>
            </ul>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
