<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_bqh_c54_vr">
    <title>Creating an Item Class with Deferred Revenue</title>
    <abstract>Deferred revenue refers to revenue that has not yet been earned, but represents products or services that are owed to the customer.
        As the product or service is delivered over time, it is recognized as revenue on the income statement.
        When choosing to defer revenue for an item class, create Revenue Recognition Rules.</abstract>
    <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Create the item class. Select the <b>Is Subscription</b> checkbox.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>In the <i>Deferred Revenue</i> section of the <i>New Item Class</i> form, select <b>Defer Revenue</b>.</cmd>
                    <info>When selecting <b>Defer Revenue</b>, the <b>Deferred Revenue Account</b> and the <b>Revenue Recognition Rule</b>
                        fields must be populated as well, or an error message will display.</info></step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the <b>Deferred Revenue Account</b> to use.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>For the <b>Revenue Recognition Rules</b>, select "Over Time."</cmd>
                    <info>When selecting "Over Time," select a <b>Revenue Recognition Term Rule</b>, or an error message will display.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>For the<b> Revenue Recognition Term Rules</b>, select one of the following options:</cmd>
                        <substeps>
                            <substep>
                            <cmd><b>No Partial Credit</b> - Recognize revenue for the entire month of purchase (no partial month credit).</cmd>
                        </substep>
                            <substep>
                                <cmd><b>Flex Day</b> - Recognize revenue for the first month if an order is on or before the specified <b>Flex Day of the Month</b> the month it was purchased.</cmd>
                            </substep>
                            <substep>
                                <cmd><b>Daily</b> - Recognize revenue using a daily calculation for the number of days left in the month over the total number of days in the term.
                                    (Days Left in the Month/Total Number of Days in Term * Price of the Membership = Amount of revenue recognized in the first month.)</cmd>
                            </substep>
                </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select "Flex Day" for the <b>Revenue Recognition Term Rule</b>, and enter the <b>Flex Day of the Month</b>.</cmd>
                    <info>When selecting "Flex Day," enter a <b>Flex Day of the Month</b>, or an error message will display.</info></step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
                </step>    
            </steps>
        <result>Now, when a new item is created with the deferred revenue item class, the Deferred Revenue fields will populate as well,
            according to the selections made on the item class. With the purchase of a membership, the system will automatically create
            all the appropriate deferred revenue entries for the entire term of the product with the appropriate dates for each entry.
            Remember to filter reports by the Journal Entry Date to pull the correct entries into monthly reports.</result>
        <postreq><b>Accounting Impact</b>
            <p>Posting a Receipt will create journal entries called Transaction and Transaction Lines.
                This section follows the expected transactions to be viewed from both the <i>Sales Order</i> and <i>Receipt</i> related lists.
                To view information related to Transactions as well as Transaction Lines, click here to navigate to the Transactions and Transaction Lines chapter.</p>
            <p>The expected results are to appear on the <i>Receipt Detail</i> page in the related lists:</p>
            <p><i>Receipt Detail Page</i></p>
            <p>First, there is the Receipt of Cash, where a debit entry to the cash (deposit) account is booked:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><b>Debit</b> field is populated in the amount of the <b>Total</b> on the Receipt record.</li>
                <li><b>GL Account</b> is populated with the value of the <b>Deposit Account</b> field on the Receipt record, derived from the related Business Group.</li>
                <li><b>Date</b> is populated with the value in the <b>Posted Date</b> on the Receipt.</li></ul>
            <p>A credit entry to deferred income/revenue account is booked:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><b>Credit</b> field is populated in the amount of the <b>Total</b> on the Receipt Line for the correct Item.</li>
                <li><b>GL Account</b> is populated with the value of the <b>Deferred Revenue</b> field from the Item's related Item Class record.</li>
                <li><b>Date</b> is populated with the value in the <b>Posted Date</b> on the Receipt.</li></ul>
            <p>The next three entries represent the Recognition of Revenue and are for each of the three months over which the revenue will be deferred:</p>
            <p>The debit entry:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><b>Debit</b> field is populated with the deferred amount, <b>$400</b> (Total / 3 months) on the Receipt Line for the correct Item.</li>
                <li><b>GL Account</b> is populated with the value of the <b>Deferred Revenue</b> field from the Item's related Item Class record.</li>
                <li>Because the purchase date is on October, 21st (after the <b>Flex Date),</b> the<b> Date</b> is populated with the last day of the following month.</li></ul>
            <p>The credit entry:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><b>Credit</b> field is populated with the deferred amount, <b>$400</b> (Total / 3 months) on the Receipt Line for the correct Item.</li>
                <li><b>GL Account</b> is populated with the value of the <b>Income/Revenue Account</b> field derived from the related Item.</li>
                <li>Because the purchase date is on October 21st (after the <b>Flex Date),</b> the<b> Date</b> is populated with the last day of the following month.</li></ul>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
