<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_m12_zhh_ks">
  <title>Package Items</title>
  <body>
      <p><b>Overview:</b></p>
      <p>The Package Item object allows users to bundle items together for sale. For instance, an
        organization selling a membership might want to include a magazine subscription with their
        membership. By using this object to define package items to be included at the time of sale,
        customers can also have the option of excluding packaged items or purchasing a higher
        quantity of these items. Package Items is a very useful tool to create upselling
        opportunities. In addition, package items can be used when setting up an event that has
        scheduled items or sessions for the customers to choose from, in order to make the
        purchasing process easier for them. You can also use the package item functionality when
        creating Sponsor Packages for an event.</p>
      <p><b>User Story 1: Creating a Single Package Item</b></p>
      <p>The association wants to create an opportunity to upsell advertising for sponsors. To do
        so, the Association would like the advertising banner to be included in the sale of the
        sponsorship. The customer will have the ability to opt out of purchasing this item or
        purchase more than one item. This item will be included with the Annual Conference
        Sponsorship item.</p>
      <p><b>User Story 2: Creating a Group of Package Items</b></p>
      <p>The association wants to offer an incentive for purchasing advertising space on their
        website, so that if you purchase an advertising banner, you get an item from their
        Association Merchandise for free. The customer must choose one item, but cannot choose both.
      </p>
    <p>
      <b>Creating a Package Item: User Story 1</b>
    </p>
    <p>Follow the steps below to create the package item to meet the user story requirements: <ul
        id="ul_wvs_c3h_ks">
        <li>Navigate to the <i>Package Items</i> related list for the Item, Annual Conference
          Sponsorship, and click <b>New Package Item</b>.</li>
        <li>Choose the <b>Single Item</b> option.</li>
        <li>Use the <b>Item</b> field lookup dialog to select the item, Advertising Banner, to be
          offered with the Annual Conference Sponsorship.</li>
        <li>Do NOT choose to <b>always include this item as part of the package</b>, as it is
          optional.</li>
        <li>Leave the <b>Minimum</b>
          <b>Quantity</b> and <b>Maximum Quantity </b>fields at 0, the default value, as the
          customer may want to purchase more than one item, but is not required to purchase it.</li>
        <li>Enter "Available Package Items" as the <b>Display Label</b>.</li>
        <li>Complete the other optional fields as needed.</li>
        <li>Click <b>Save.</b></li>
      </ul>
     <b>What you should see...</b></p><ul id="ul_isz_g3h_ks">
        <li>A Package Item record will be created.</li>
        <li>The Package Item will now appear when the Parent Item is selected in the Shopping
          Cart.</li>
      </ul><p><b>Creating a Package Item: User Story 2</b></p><p>Follow the steps below to create
        the package item to meet the user story requirements:</p><ul id="ul_jsz_g3h_ks">
        <li>Navigate to the <i>Package Items</i> related list for the Item, Advertising Banner, and
          click <b>New Package Item</b>.</li>
        <li>Choose the <b>Group of Items</b> option.</li>
        <li>Use the <b>Item Class</b> field lookup dialog to select the items, Association
          Merchandise, to be offered with the Advertising Banner.</li>
        <li>Choose to<b> Require at least one item in the group to be purchased as part of this
            package</b>.</li>
        <li>Enter "1" to limit the quantity per item allowed.</li>
        <li>Enter "Available Package Items" as the <b>Display Label</b>.</li>
        <li>Complete the other optional fields as needed.</li>
        <li>Click <b>Save.</b></li>
      </ul>
    <p><b>What you should see...</b></p>
    <ul id="ul_ijq_m3h_ks">
      <li>A Package Item record will be created.</li>
      <li>The Package Items will now appear when the Parent Item is selected in the Shopping
        Cart.</li>  </ul> 
  </body>

</topic>
