<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ibl_wfh_ks">
  <title>Creating Items with Pricing Matrices</title>
  <body>
    <p>Often there is the need to assign pricing by a predefined attribute on the <i>Account </i>or
        <i>Contact </i>object much like the previous example. But sometimes the <i>Item </i>needs to
      have different prices defined by different variables of an attribute. This section follows the
      use case of a company that has a membership category that offers pricing by different groups
      of Annual Revenue.</p>
    <p><b>User Story:</b></p>
    <p>The company needs to create tiered membership pricing for their "Tiered Membership" item. The
      pricing is dependent upon the member's annual revenue, a field on the Account object potential
      members must fill out to apply for membership.</p>
    <p>The items pricing should be assigned as follows:</p>
    <ul id="ul_jd2_chh_ks">
      <li>Annual Revenue = $0 - $500,000: <b>$1,000/year</b></li>
      <li>Annual Revenue = $500,000 - $1,000,000: <b>$2,000/year</b></li>
      <li>Annual Revenue = $1,000,000 - $5,000,000: <b>$3,000/year</b></li>
      <li>Annual Revenue = $5,000,000+: <b>$5,000/year</b></li>
    </ul>
    <p>Follow the steps below to create the pricing matrix defined by the Annual Revenue attribute
      for their membership item.</p>
    <p>
      <b>Pricing Matrices</b>
      <ol id="ol_ocs_tgh_ks">
        <li>Create the item for the membership.</li>
        <li>Create the first tier of pricing.<ol id="ol_pcs_tgh_ks">
            <li>Click <b>New Pricing Rule</b> on the item's related list</li>
            <li>Enter a name for the pricing rule. The example shows, "$0 - $500,000"</li>
            <li>In the <i>Price Rule Variables</i> section of the page select <b>Account</b>.</li>
            <li>Select the <b>Annual </b><b>Revenue</b> field from the <b>Field</b> picklist.</li>
            <li>In the <b>Operator </b>picklist, select <b>less or equal</b>, which means less than
              or equal to.</li>
            <li>Enter "500,000" in the <b>Value</b> text box.</li>
            <li>Click <b>Save.</b></li>
          </ol></li>
        <li>Create the second tier of pricing.<ol id="ol_qcs_tgh_ks">
            <li>Click <b>New Pricing Rule</b> on the item's related list</li>
            <li>Enter a name for the pricing rule. The example shows, "$500,000 - $1,000,000"</li>
            <li>In the <i>Price Rule Variables</i> section of the page select <b>Account</b>.</li>
            <li>Select the <b>Annual </b><b>Revenue</b> field from the <b>Field</b> picklist.</li>
            <li>In the <b>Operator </b>picklist, select <b>greater than</b>.</li>
            <li>Enter "500,000" in the <b>Value</b> text box.</li>
            <li>In the second row of the <b>Price Rule Variables</b> section of the page, select
                <b>Account</b>.</li>
            <li>Select the <b>Annual </b><b>Revenue</b> field from the <b>Field</b> picklist.</li>
            <li>In the <b>Operator </b>picklist, select <b>less or equal</b>.</li>
            <li>Enter "1,000,000" in the <b>Value</b> text box.</li>
            <li>Click <b>Save.</b></li>
          </ol></li>
        <li>Repeat step three to create the third tier of pricing, but be sure to enter the
          appropriate values on the third row.</li>
        <li>For the final tier, follow step two, but include <b>greater than</b> for the <b>Operator
          </b>and "5,000,000" for the <b>Value.</b><p>Note that many of the fields on the top
            section of the price rule are left blank. In this user story, these fields do not need
            to be filled out to meet the item's pricing requirements.</p><p><b>What you should
              see...</b></p><p>Once you have completed creating the various price rules for the
            Tiered Membership item, you should see the item with a default price of $2,000. The
            default price is the catch-all price. If there is an account that has their Annual
            Revenue field left blank or a value that is not identified by the system, the default
            price will be assigned to the transaction. This can always be updated on the Sales
            Order, Invoice, or Receipt with a price override.</p><p>Beneath the default price rule,
            you should see the four different levels or tiers of pricing in the <i>Pricing Rules</i>
            related list of the item. </p><p>It is best practice to always test your items by
            creating a Sales Order that should populate the desired price based on the customer's
            attributes. In this case, create Sales Orders for Account entities that have the various
            levels of Annual Revenue to ensure the item's pricing accuracy.</p>
        </li>
      </ol></p>
  </body>
</topic>
