<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_zvy_mqh_ks">
  <title><b>Selling Additional Seats</b></title>
  <body>
    <p>
      <b>Overview:</b> For those organizations that sell a limited number of assignments (seats) for
      their organizational subscriptions (memberships), there is often a need to sell additional
      seats at a nominal price of the organizational subscription. This page reviews the process for
      creating a Sales Order that contains the correct Sales Order Lines with the appropriate Items. </p>
    <p><b>User Story 1:</b> The National Association of Partners (NAP) sells a Corporate membership
      that allows the assignment of 3 seats for $1,200. They also allow their members to purchase
      additional seats at $500 per person. The NAP has a partnership that wishes to purchase 4
      assignments for membership. Follow the story below to meet this requirement. </p>
      <p><b>User Story 2:</b></p>
      <p>A few months later, the NAP's customer wishes to add an additional seat to a subscription
        mid-term. They wish to purchase the Corporate Membership Additional Seat for $500.</p>
      <p><b>Prerequisites:</b>
    </p>
      <p>The following items must be created prior to creating the Sales Order. Both these items
        should share the same Item Class.</p>
      <ul id="ul_ib4_nqh_ks">
        <li>An Item, "Corporate Membership," that restricts the number of assignments to 3.</li>
      <li>
        <p> An Item, "Corporate Membership Additional Seat" that restricts the number of assignments
          to 1.</p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>Because the organization does not allow the Corporate Membership Additional Seat item to
          be sold without a Corporate Membership, you should mark the Not Available for Individual
          Sale checkbox. This will not allow the item to be displayed in the shopping cart unless it
          is presented as a Packaged Item.</p>
      </li>
      <li>The Corporate Membership Additional Seat product should be a Package Item for the
        Corporate Membership.<ul id="ul_mtz_jrh_ks">
          <li>Link the Additional Seat to the Corporate Membership by clicking the <b>New Package
              Item</b> button in the <i>Package Item</i> related list of the Corporate Membership
            Item.</li>
          <li>Select the item to package, <b>"Corporate Membership Additional Seat"</b></li>
          <li>Be sure to add a <b>Display Label, </b>"Additional Seats," to easily identify there
            are additional seats available for purchase.</li>
          <li>Enter an <b>Add to Cart Button Label</b>, "Add Seats".</li>
          <li>Enter Display Instructions for your users to easily understand how to add the package
            item, Additional Seat.</li>
        </ul></li>
      </ul>
  <p><b>Assign the Subscription Plan to your Items</b></p>
  <p>Once your Items have been created and they are ready to be purchased, follow the steps
    below:</p>
  <ul id="ul_hg5_mrh_ks">
    <li>Create a Sales Order for the customer and fill out all necessary fields.</li>
    <li>Create a Sales Order Line for the Sales Order that includes the Corporate Membership with
      all relevant Subscription fields populated.</li>
    <li>Add an Additional Sales Order Line for the Corporate Membership Additional Seat.<ul
        id="ul_ig5_mrh_ks">
        <li>When creating the additional line, copy the Subscription Line Name of the Sales Order
          Line that has the Corporate Membership. You will need to define this Sales Order Line as
          the parent so that the subscription is populated correctly.</li>
        <li>Create the second Sales Order Line.<ul id="ul_jg5_mrh_ks">
            <li>Select the Corporate Membership Additional Seat as the <b>Item.</b></li>
            <li>Populate the<b> Sales Order Line </b>field with the <b>Name</b> of the Sales Order
              Line with the Corporate Membership.</li>
          </ul></li>
        <li>Click <b>Save.</b></li>
      </ul></li>
    <li>Once the Sales Order has been completed, update the<b> Status </b>to "Closed," then update
      the <b>Posting Status</b> to "Posted."</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Remember that marking the Sales Order as "Posted" is the action that triggers the creation of
    the Subscription and Subscription Lines.</p>
    <p><b>Using the Shopping Cart</b></p>
    <p>Follow these steps to add your additional seats in the shopping cart</p>
    <ul id="ul_ovr_5rh_ks">
      <li>Create a Sales Order.</li>
      <li>Click the <b>Shopping Cart</b> button</li>
      <li>Find the Corporate Membership and click <b>Add to Cart</b>.</li>
      <li>Click the <b>Additional Seats</b> navigation button.</li>
      <li>Select the number of Additional Seats to add to the order.</li>
      <li>Click <b>Add to Cart.</b></li>
    </ul>
    <p><b>What you should see...</b></p>
    <p>The image to the right shows the resulting Subscription that is created after posting the
      Sales Order. The following are areas you should look for when creating a Subscription that
      aggregates seats.</p><ul>
    <li>
      <p>The total number of Assigned Seats equals the sum of Allowed Assignments for both
        Items.</p>
    </li>
    <li>Notice also that the <b>Primary Item</b> is defined on the Subscription detail.</li>
      <li>Two Subscription Lines representing the two products purchased.</li>
      </ul>
    <p><b>Creating the Sales Order and Sales Order Lines</b></p>
    <p>Once your Items have been created and they are ready to be purchased, follow the steps
      below:</p>
    <ul id="ul_k4q_hsh_ks">
      <li>Create a Sales Order for the customer and fill out all necessary fields.</li>
      <li>Create a Sales Order Line for the Sales Order.<ul id="ul_l4q_hsh_ks">
          <li>Populate the <b>Item </b>with the "Corporate Membership Additional Seat."</li>
          <li>Populate the <b>Subscription (Upgrade/Renew)</b> field with the Subscription to which
            the seat is to be added.</li>
          <li>Click <b>Save.</b></li>
        </ul></li>
      <li>Once the Sales Order has been completed, update the<b> Status </b>to "Closed." Then update
        the <b>Posting Status</b> to "Posted."</li>
    </ul>
    <p>Remember that marking the Sales Order as "Posted" is the action that triggers the creation of
      the Subscription, Subscription Lines, and Logs.</p>
    <p><b>What you should see...</b></p>
    <p>The image to the right shows the resulting Subscription that is created after posting the
      Sales Order. The following are areas you should look for when creating a Subscription that
      aggregates seats.</p>
    <ul id="ul_snq_ksh_ks">
      <li>The total number of Assigned Seats should show the total number of <b>Assignments
          Allowed</b>.</li>
      <li>A new Subscription Line added to the Subscription.</li>
    </ul>
  </body></topic>
