<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_vlp_cxn_ht">
 <title>Shipping</title>
 <abstract>The <b>eStore</b> app allows organizations to charge for shipping as a seamless part of
  the checkout process. There are four components to the Shipping feature:<ol id="ul_w4w_4c4_ht">
   <li><b>Shipping Carrier</b></li>
   <li><b>Delivery Method</b></li>
   <li><b>Shipping Region</b></li>
   <li><b>Shipping Rate</b></li>
  </ol></abstract>
 <conbody>
  <p>On checkout, authenticated and unauthenticated shoppers will be asked to enter a shipping
   address only if their order contains shipping items. <b>Shipping Rates </b>are calculated based
   on: <ul id="ul_kk1_dtc_3t">
    <li><b>Destination Country</b></li>
    <li><b>Item Weight</b> or <b>Item Value</b></li>
    <li><b>Item Quantity</b></li>
   </ul>Shipping can be configured to accommodate most business and marketing scenarios, such as:<ul
    id="ul_fjk_lk2_x5">
    <li>Free shipping if the order total exceeds, or is below, a threshold weight or price.</li>
    <li>Encouraging customers to add more items to their Shopping Cart to qualify for free
     shipping.</li>
    <li>Flat shipping on every order with the ability to adjust the flat rate for promotion periods
     or seasonal buying patterns.</li>
    <li>Tiered shipping rates for common destinations and flat rates for the rest of the world.</li>
    <li>Allow shipping to specific countries and prevent shipping to everywhere else.</li>
   </ul></p>
  <p>Shipping costs appear as individual lines on the Sales Order, allowing staff users to
   accommodate partial refunds, without refunding the shipping cost. Shipping costs can be assigned
   to individual GL accounts to track spending with individual carriers, such as UPS and Fedex.
    <note>Admins can configure as many <b>Shipping Rates</b> as needed based on:<ul
     id="ul_rh1_4f4_ht">
     <li><b>Destination Country</b></li>
     <li><b>Shipping Carrier</b></li>
     <li><b>Delivery Method</b></li>
     <li><b>Item Weight</b> or <b>Item Value</b></li>
    </ul></note></p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
