<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_tjm_3z1_ks">
    <title>Renewing a Subscription</title>
    <abstract>Subscriptions are renewed directly from the Sales Order record. Upgraded subscriptions
        or memberships cannot be renewed.</abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the <b>Subscriptions</b> tab in the <b>eBusiness</b> app and select
                    the <b>Subscription ID</b> to be renewed.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <b>Renew</b> button. </cmd>
                <info>A new Sales Order is automatically created, along with a new Sales Order Line.
                    The <b>Posting Entity</b> is set to <b>Receipt</b> and the <b>Schedule Type</b>
                    is set to <b>Simple Receipt</b>.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <b>Closed</b> from the <b>Status</b> picklist and click <b>Save</b>. </cmd>
                <info>If the <b>Posting Entity</b> is set to <b>Receipt</b>, payment is required in
                    order to complete the renewal request. Click the <b>Sales Receipt</b> button,
                    enter payment information, and click <b>Pay</b>.</info>
                <stepresult>The <b>Posting Status</b> on the Sales Order record automatically
                    updates to <b>Posted</b> to reflect payment.</stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>The subscription is renewed and the transaction is journaled into the
                GL.<note>Renewing a subscription does not create a new subscription unless the item
                is changed on the Sales Order Line record. This renewal is interpreted as an
                    <b>Upgrade</b>, therefore a new subscription is created with a future start
                date.</note></result>
        <postreq>Admins can additionally:<ul id="ul_fv2_fnn_ht">
                <li><xref href="amending_subscriptions.dita#task_bfx_lj3_ft">Amend
                        Subscriptions</xref></li>
                <li><xref href="modifying_subscriptions_backend.dita#task_a13_4rm_ht">Modify
                        Subscriptions</xref></li>
            </ul></postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>

