<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="task_bxk_rhx_ds">
    <title>Creating a Termed Subscription Plan</title>
    <shortdesc><b>Termed</b> Subscription Plans exist for a set period of months. Termed
        subscriptions start at the time of purchase and continue through the defined term of the
        subscription. This is also commonly referred to as an "Anniversary" membership.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to <b>Subscription Plans</b> in the <b>eStore</b> app and click
                        <b>New</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter a <b>Name</b> for the <b>Subscription Plan</b>, set the <b>Type</b> to
                        <b>Termed</b>, and check the <b>Is Active</b> checkbox.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Set the number of months for the <b>Initial Term</b> and <b>Renewal
                    Term</b>.</cmd>
                <info>If no value is specified, the <b>Renewal Term</b> defaults to the number of
                    months set for the <b>Initial Term</b>.</info>
                <info>Optionally, select the <b>Auto Renew Option</b>:</info>
                <choices id="choices_vph_c3j_k5">
                    <choice><b>Disabled</b>-Turns off Auto Renew for all related subscriptions in
                        the <b>Community Portal</b>.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Enabled</b>-Allows subscription beneficiaries to turn on Auto Renew
                        for related subscriptions in the <b>Community Portal</b>.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Required</b>-Enables Auto Renew without option. If selected, then the
                            <b>Require Payment Method</b> checkbox must be checked.</choice>
                </choices>
                <info>If the <b>Auto Renew Option</b> is set to <b>Enabled</b> or <b>Required</b>,
                    enter the number of days prior to the subscription's expiration date that
                    customers are invoiced, into the <b>Invoice Days Variable</b> field. <b>The
                        Invoice Days Variable field and the Days to Lapse field must have the same
                        value; value must be greater than 0. </b></info>
                <info><b>In order to communicate an invoice is created to the customer, build a
                        custom workflow.</b>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add a <b>Description</b> and click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>A Termed Subscription Plan is created.</result>
        <postreq>
            <ul id="ul_hz2_kfl_ss">
                <li><xref href="subscription_item_class.dita#task_glq_zf1_ft">Create an Item Class
                        for Subscriptions and Configure Assignment Roles</xref></li>
            </ul>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
