<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_scm_ytg_kr">
    <title>Creating a Business Group</title>
    <abstract><keyword>Business Groups are used when different divisions of an organization need to
            be tracked for reporting purposes.</keyword><note>A Default Business Group is
            automatically set up upon package installs. Modify the existing Business Group or
            continue to create a new one. </note></abstract>
    <taskbody>
            <steps>
        <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the <b>Business Groups</b> tab in the <b>Accounting</b> app and
                    click the <b>New</b> button.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the <b>Name</b> for the new Business Group and click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
                <info>If this Business Group is the child of another Business Group, select the
                        <b>Parent Business Group</b> from the lookup dialog. It is best practice to
                    create the records starting with the highest parent record, followed by its
                    children, when creating a hierarchy of Business Groups.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Optionally, enter the <b>Default Payment Gateway</b>. If there is no <b>Default
                        Payment Gateway</b> set on the Business Group record, then the system will
                    use the <b>Payment Gateway</b> set on the Store or Sales Order records.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the appropriate value from the <b>Theme</b> lookup to display the
                    applicable logo, colors, header/footer, and contact information in the Business
                    Group's <b>eInvoicing</b> portal.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the necessary field values in the <i>Invoice Display</i> section:
                        <b>Display Name</b>, <b>Email</b>, <b>Phone</b>, <b>Homepage URL</b>,
                        <b>Customer Support URL</b>, <b>Support URL</b>, <b>Mailing Address</b>,
                        <b>Invoice Header</b>, and <b>Invoice Footer</b>. Click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            </steps>  
        <result>The newly created Business Group is available for selection via lookups for related
            records in the system such as items, sales orders, invoices, and receipts.</result>
        <example>There are two business entities within a 501(c)6 Professional Association that also has its own Foundation, which is listed as a
            501(c)3. Both entities use the same database, but they have
            their own products and revenue accounts. In this case, they have separate payment
            gateways and a chart of accounts, for reporting purposes. Therefore, there is a need to
            create a Business Group for each entity.</example>
        <postreq>
            <ul>
                <li><xref href="bg_paymentgateway_task.dita#task_rc1_52w_kr">Connect to a Payment
                        Gateway</xref>
                </li>
                <li><xref href="bg_glaccounts_task.dita#task_fys_vtv_kr">Add a Chart of
                        Accounts</xref><note>Default GL Accounts are generated upon creating the
                        Business Group and must be modified to match the customer's existing
                        accounting system in order for them to be correctly mapped. </note></li>
            </ul>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
