<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_tjj_flk_5r">
    <title>Purchasing Schedule Items [DRAFT]</title>
    <abstract>Once a user has been registered for an event via the Community Portal, they are
        eligible to purchase additional schedule items.<p><b>Prerequisites:</b>Registered as a
            single/group registrant, email sent </p></abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open the email titled "Event Registration" and click the link included in the
                    body of the email. This link will take the user to a page with interview
                    questions related to the purchased ticket type.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Complete the required questions as well as any optional questions as needed.
                    Click <b>Submit</b>. The Agenda Builder for the event will display, with the
                    purchased ticket type at the top of the page.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the available dates of the event at the top of the page to navigate
                    through the list of schedule items from which to build the agenda. There is a
                    legend with the symbols that indicate whether the schedule items are "Scheduled"
                    or already added, "Waitlist" if the schedule item has waitlisting enabled, and
                    "Full" if the user is unable to add the schedule item to the agenda.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>View the cost, description, speakers, and other available information by
                    clicking the item. Then select the schedule item by clicking the <b>Add</b>
                    button below the item information. To delete the item, click the <b>Remove</b>
                    button.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once all needed schedule items have been added, click <b>Continue</b>. The
                    login page will display.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To continue to the checkout page as a guest, enter First Name, Last Name, and
                    email. Click <b>Continue</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the next page, complete the shipping information. <b>Note</b>: Only the
                        <b>Mailing State/Province</b> field is required. There is also the option to
                    create an account on this page.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <b>Continue</b> to go to the Checkout page. Enter payment information and
                    click the <b>Pay</b> button. <b>Note</b>: This payment method can be saved for
                    future use.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>A receipt page will display with the following: <ul>
                <li>Receipt Number</li>
                <li>Date of purchase</li>
                <li>Customer</li>
                <li>Line Description for purchased item(s)</li>
                <li>Memo with Sales Order number</li>
                <li>Total Paid</li>
            </ul>The Sales Order will be closed and posted, with a Sales Order Line for each
            purchased item. A new record will appear in the <i>Registered Attendees</i> related list
            on the Schedule Item's Detail page, with the Sales Order (Source) ID linking the
            registered attendee back to the related sales order.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
