<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_wd3_5tm_cs">
    <title>Creating a Donation Campaign Page</title>
    <abstract>Donations are tracked and displayed via Campaign Pages. The <b>Donation Campaign
            Page</b> captures the revenue streams from donations.</abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
            <ul>
                <li><xref href="../estore/creating_item_classes.dita#task_zdr_yqj_gs">Create an Item
                        Class</xref></li>
                <li><xref href="../estore/creating_items_task.dita#task_nc2_hll_gs">Create a
                        Donation Item</xref></li>
                <li><xref href="../estore/creating_stores_task.dita#task_p3m_trm_js">Create a
                        Store</xref></li>
                <li><xref href="../estore/creating_catalogs_task.dita#task_yrs_bln_js">Create a
                        Catalog</xref></li>
            </ul>
        </prereq>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the donation Item record and the related Item Class record to
                    select the <b>Is Contribution</b> checkboxes.</cmd>
                <info>If applicable, select the <b>Is Tax Deductible</b> checkbox. </info>
                <info>Confirm the <b>Is Active</b> checkbox is selected.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the <b>Campaign Pages</b> tab in the <b>eStore</b> application and
                    click <b>New</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the <b>Campaign Name</b>, identify the <b>Store</b>, <b>Payment
                        Gateway</b>, and <b>Theme</b> from the lookups. Click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <b>Campaign Page Builder</b> button.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Drag-and-drop the <b>Catalog Donation Display</b> component from the sidebar to
                    the main body of the page. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the catalog from the picklist. Click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
                <info>Configure the fields in the sidebar Settings to customize the <b>Donation
                        Campaign Page</b>. Click <b>Refresh</b> to review.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <b>Preview</b> to inspect the page. Click <b>Publish</b>.</cmd>
                <info>The <b>Is Published</b> checkbox is enabled upon returning to the campaign
                    page record.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>The donation campaign is launched. </result>
        <postreq>
            <ul>
                <li>Click the <b>Go Back</b> button to return to the Campaign Page record</li>
                <li>Navigate to the <b>Donation Campaign Page</b> by clicking the <b>Community
                        URL</b> link</li>
            </ul>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
