<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_hww_3t3_3s">
    <title>Adjusting Posted Invoices</title>
    <abstract>Invoices are adjusted to account for several reasons, including late fees, loyalty
        discounts, and refunds. Adding adjustments to posted invoices create adjusting entries in
        order for the income statement and balance sheet to report the change; adjusting entries
        almost always involve both a balance sheet account and an income statement account.
            <note>Invoice lines cannot be added to paid invoices. </note></abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the invoice needing adjustment via the <b>Invoices</b> tab in the
                        <b>eBusiness</b> app.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the <i>Invoice Lines </i>related list and click the <b>New Invoice
                        Line</b> button.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the <b>Item</b> to adjust using the lookup and enable <b>Price
                        Override</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the adjusted price in the <b>Sale Price</b> field and select the <b>Is
                        Adjustment</b> checkbox.</cmd>
                <info>Best practices recommend identifying an <b>Adjustment Reason</b>.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the <b>Is Posted</b> checkbox and click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>The adjustment line is posted in the Invoice Line related list, adjusting entries
            are generated for reporting purposes, and the Adjustments field on the Invoice record
            populates with the sum of the value of related invoice line's Total field.
                <note>Multiple adjustments can be made to an Invoice. The "Is Adjustment" field must
                be checked on each Invoice Line record. </note></result>
    </taskbody>
</task>



