<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_fr2_bvx_bv">
    <title>Adjusting Invoices</title>
    <abstract>Invoices are adjusted to account for several reasons, including late fees, write-offs,
        and refunds. Adding adjustments to posted invoices create adjusting entries that are
        reflected in the customer's financial software. <note><b>Multiple adjustments can be made to
                an Invoice. The "Is Adjustment" field must be checked on each Invoice Line record
                that is being adjusted. Invoice lines cannot be added to paid
        invoices.</b></note></abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the invoice needing adjustment via the <b>Invoices</b> tab in the
                        <b>eBusiness</b> app.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check the checkbox(es) related to the line item(s) needing adjustment on the
                        <i>Invoice Lines</i> related list. Click the <b>Create Adjustment Line</b>
                    button. </cmd>
                <stepresult>A new invoice line is created and marked <b>Is Adjustment</b>. Next,
                    navigate to the newly created invoice line and define the attributes that will
                    affect the adjustment transaction. </stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter a negative or a positive value in the <b>Sales Price</b> to show a
                    decreasing or increasing adjustment to the invoice, respectively.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Define the <b>GL Account</b> that will be the opposing entry to the defined
                        <b>A/R Account</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the <b>Adjustment Reason</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check the <b>Is Posted</b> checkbox to create the Adjusting Transaction and
                    click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
                <info>Check the <b>Deferred Revenue Adjustment</b> checkbox to identify the
                    adjustment as a deferred revenue adjustment prior to sving and posting; the
                    resulting transaction will adjust all deferred revenue transactions. Any
                    transactions dated prior to the <b>Adjustment Date</b> will have a date of the
                        <b>Adjustments Posted Date</b>. </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result><b>The invoice adjustment is complete:</b><ul id="ul_chq_5wz_bv">
                <li>The adjustment line is posted in the <i>Invoice Lines</i> related list.</li>
                <li>Adjusting entries are generated for reporting purposes.</li>
                <li><b>Adjustments</b> field on the Invoice record populates with the sum of the
                    value of the related invoice lines <b>Total</b> field. </li>
            </ul></result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
