<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_spv_ndh_ks">
  <title>Checking Out </title>
  <body>
    <p>On the <i>Checkout</i> page you can review your cart and choose either the Existing User, New
      or Guest profile to use when checking out. The checkout user profile is displayed beside the
      payment information section. The cart total is displayed in the Cart Summary section and an
      itemized list of purchases is displayed in the Checkout Summary section.</p>
    <p><b>Review your order</b></p>
    <p>You can manage your order on the <i>Checkout</i> page. To increase or decrease order
      quantities or remove an item you should do the following.</p>
    <ul id="ul_qxd_42h_ks">
      <li>Locate the item you wish to manage in the Checkout Summary.</li>
      <li>To increase or decrease the quantity to purchase type a number or press the arrow
        keys.</li>
      <li>To remove an item from the Checkout Summary, click the <b>Remove</b> button.</li>
      <li>To complete the checkout process chose your profile and payment method.</li>
    </ul>
    <p><b>User Persona - Authenticated User</b></p>
    <p>As an <b>Existing User</b>, after reviewing your purchases, you will log into your account to
      complete your purchase.</p>
    <ul id="ul_fqm_q2h_ks">
      <li>Click the <b>Existing User</b> tab.</li>
      <li>Enter the email address and password associated with your account.</li>
      <li>Click <b>Login</b>.<b> T</b>o stay logged on, click the checkbox <b>Keep me logged</b><b>
          in</b>.</li>
      <li>Your profile information stored with your account will display, e.g., email address,
        username, phone number, company, first and last name.</li>
    </ul>
    <p><b>New users</b> should use the following steps to complete your purchase:</p>
    <ul id="ul_gqm_q2h_ks">
      <li>Review your purchases.</li>
      <li>Click the <b>New User</b> tab to create a profile.</li>
      <li>Provide a username and your email address. </li>
      <li>Type an password and confirm your password in the next field.</li>
      <li>Provide your first and last name, company name, if applicable, and your phone number.</li>
      <li>Click the <b>Register Now</b> button.</li>
    </ul>
    <p><b>Note:</b> If there is an account associated with the supplied email address you will be
      prompted to use the existing account.</p>
    <p><b>User Persona - Unauthenticated User</b></p>
    <p>You have the option to checkout without logging in. An email address and name are required to
      process guest payments, however no user account will be created. If there is an account
      associated with the supplied email address you will be prompted to use the existing account,
      but you may opt to continue the checkout process as a Guest.</p>
    <p>To checkout as a Guest you should do the following:</p>
    <ul id="ul_hz4_s2h_ks">
      <li>Click the <b>Guest</b> tab.</li>
      <li>Provide your first and last name, and email address.</li>
    </ul>
    <p><b>What you should see...</b>
      <ul><li>After the payment is received, the Confirmation Page will display.</li> </ul></p>
  </body>
</topic>
