<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_dxk_zyt_cs">
    <title>Creating and Posting an Invoice</title>
    <abstract>Create invoices from the <b>Sales Order</b> tab by defining the <b>Posting Entity</b>
        as <b>Invoice</b>. To post invoices created by the sales order, staff users must update the
            <b>Posting Status</b> to <b>Posted</b>. Consequently, all related invoices are posted,
        creating the associated journal entries in the GL.</abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the <b>Sales Order</b> tab in the <b>eBusiness</b> app and click
                        <b>New</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the <b>Account</b> or <b>Contact</b> using the lookups. Additionally,
                    select the associated value from the <b>Entity</b> picklist.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select <b>Invoice</b> and <b>Simple Invoice</b> from the <b>Posting Entity</b>
                    and <b>Schedule Type</b> picklists. Click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
                <info>Enter values for remaining, applicable fields.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <b>New Sales Order Line</b> button on the <i>Sales Order Lines</i>
                    related list.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the <b>Item</b> related to the invoice from the lookup and enter the
                        <b>Quantity</b>. Click <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
                <info>The <b>Price Override</b> option is enabled by default. If applicable,
                    manually enter a new price to the <b>Sale Price</b> field.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the Sales Order record to review and, if necessary, amend the
                    invoice. Select <b>Closed</b> from the <b>Status</b> picklist and click
                        <b>Save</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>The invoice is created, but not yet posted.</result>
        <postreq>
            <ul>
                <li>Select <b>Posted</b> from the <b>Posting Status</b> picklist and click
                        <b>Save</b>.</li>
                <li><xref href="paying_single_invoice.dita#task_blc_dw3_3s">Pay the
                    Invoice</xref></li>
            </ul>
            <p>The related journal entries are entered into the GL once the invoice is posted.</p>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
