<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_d5q_nhr_sr">
    <title>Applying Partial Payments to an Invoice</title>
    <abstract>Staff users can apply partial payments to an invoice in order to meet their
        organization's current needs.</abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the <b>Invoice</b>tab within the <b>eBusiness
                    application</b>.</cmd>
                <choices>
                    <choice>Alternatively, search for the invoice number or contact/account in the
                        <b>Global Search Bar</b>. Select the name of the person or organization
                        in the <b>Customer Account</b> field. Select the invoice that requires
                        payment in the <i>Invoice</i> related list. Click the <b>Apply Payment</b>
                        button.</choice>
                </choices>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the <b>View</b> picklist, select the invoices with a status of <b>Posted</b>
                    and click the <b>Go</b> button.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the invoice that requires payment and click the <b>Apply Payment</b>
                    button.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the amount to be paid in the <i>Items Total</i> field. Click <b>Process
                    Payment</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select payment method and enter the required values.
                    Select the <b>Save</b> checkbox to save payment information.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <b>Pay</b> button to apply a partial payment to the selected
                    invoice.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>
            <p>The associated Sales Order record updates the ePayment and the Receipt transaction
                history following the partial payment. The total amount due on the invoice is
                updated to reflect the remaining balance.</p>
        </result>
    </taskbody>
</task>